Great was Christ, the Lord eternal, Great to them, the flesh of man.
Great on power, he to languish, Great to come, the guest, my self.
Truly great is the saint, In the heaven and earth he laid.
Great is Jesus, in his person, Great as God, and great as man.
Bright is from tenance and beauty, On his throne with patience man.
Praise the King, praise his King, We will serve him faithfully.
Alloy Christ, the proud and noble, Alloy Christ, the mighty King.
Powerful, powerful, mighty, Powerful, mighty, mighty.
On the throne you bow down, Praying with faith for thy alone.
Alloy Christ, the underground light, Alloy, Lord, from all o'er him.
Glory of him, ever still, On the hill in which I kneel.